Mo Yan heard that you were harassed by firewood
How are you hurt?
I'm fine.
Chen Erhu, this bastard
What do you think you are?
How dare you harass you
I will never let him go
This Chen Erhu is Xing Tian's confidant
Xingtian is a very famous local snake in Beihai
You'd better not provoke him.
Others are afraid of our Wang family, but we are not afraid
I will never let anyone hurt you
Mu Yan's great news
Star Entertainment has decided
You are the heroine of their hearts
Oh, really?
The movie that invested in 1 billion
All the actors in this play are full of strength and courage
The director is Director Zhang, known as the national teacher
Many first-line actresses are trying to grab the role
Used all resources
Even the unspoken rules
I didn't expect it.
In the end they chose you oh
Hello what
Ok, I know.
Wuye's more than a dozen top brands in the world
I want you to be the spokesperson
With these resources
You can become the hottest woman in the world
But how could they suddenly find me?
Able to use Star Entertainment at the same time
And more than a dozen major domestic brands
Except for the Wang family on the rich side of Beihai in the Qing Dynasty
Who else could have such strength?
It's you, hahaha.
Oh, I still can't hide it after all
Mu Yan, I said
I will give you everything you want.
Push your dog paw away from me